README.md, before:

This is a presentation made for [Ubucon Europe 2019](https://manage.ubucon.org/eu2019/talk/LXRCRQ/), called:

# How to run a public-facing service for 27 years (and counting)

"Selva Virtual" is the first and oldest Portuguese Virtual World, up and
running since 1992. What does it take, and how do you run a service for this
long?

It was in 1990 that the first Internet connections begun being commercialized
in Portugal, by PUUG. Two years later, the .pt domain was created, the first
national web server started running, as well as the first Portuguese talker - a
text-based virtual world. Fast-forward twenty seven years, and most people
don't remember a world without ubiquitous Internet connections, the Internet
often gets confused with the world wide web, and most people walk around with a
computer in their pockets. But while all this changed, the Portuguese virtual
world created in 1992 is still up and running. This talk tries to tell the
story of "Selva Virtual", the twenty seven year old talker, with social and
technical tales of what took it for such a service to survive and outlive so
many other trends that came and went.

Commit message:

README: information and link to template

README.md, after:

This is a presentation made for [Ubucon Europe
2019](https://manage.ubucon.org/eu2019/talk/LXRCRQ/), called:

# How to run a public-facing service for 27 years (and counting)

"Selva Virtual" is the first and oldest Portuguese Virtual World, up and
running since 1992. What does it take, and how do you run a service for this
long?

It was in 1990 that the first Internet connections begun being commercialized
in Portugal, by PUUG. Two years later, the .pt domain was created, the first
national web server started running, as well as the first Portuguese talker - a
text-based virtual world. Fast-forward twenty seven years, and most people
don't remember a world without ubiquitous Internet connections, the Internet
often gets confused with the world wide web, and most people walk around with a
computer in their pockets. But while all this changed, the Portuguese virtual
world created in 1992 is still up and running. This talk tries to tell the
story of "Selva Virtual", the twenty seven year old talker, with social and
technical tales of what took it for such a service to survive and outlive so
many other trends that came and went.

## Presentation

This presentation is made in LaTeX. The source file is [selva.tex](selva.tex),
and the result can be seen or downloaded as [selva.pdf](selva.pdf).

The template for this presentation can be found at [in this
repository](https://github.com/marado/2019sintra-presentation-template-LaTeX-dfsg).
